//constructor

1. What are constructors? 

constructors are special method, which has no return type, and same name as class.


2. What is the role of a constructor?
constructor use to initialized the variable of object when it created.


3. Is it necessary for a class to have a constructor? 
No, it is not necessary to class have constructor, if not created by me it created by default 
it has no parameter and do nothing.

4. What does a constructor returns? 
constructor have no return typr.


5. Do all classes have a constructor? If yes, then what are the contents of it? 
Yes, all classes have a constructor. If a class does not have  constructor,
if not created by me it created by default  it has no parameter and do nothing.


6. When does the constructor executes itself?
when we creete the object of that class, constructor executes itself.


7. Can constructor be private? What happens if it is private? 
constructor can be private , but if the constructor is private we cannot create object of it outside the class
or friend class.



8. Can we make an object of a class which have a private constructor? 
if constructor is private than object can be created in class itself,
and in friend class only.

9. What is a default constructor? 
constructor which created itself when we not define any constructor
   1.  What is the contents of a default constructor?
it has no content, and it do nothing.


10. What is a parameterized constructor? 
parameterized constructor is constructor which take arguments, and it use to initialize the variable
when create object.


11. What is constructor overloading? 
constructor overloading is creating multiple constructor with diffrent type of parameter 
and can also be diffrent number of parameter.




////access specifier

3. Where are access specifiers used? 
Access specifiers are used in classes control the visibility of class members from different parts of the code. 
Access specifiers can be 
1. public
2. protected
3. private

public members are accessible from anywhere, including outside the class, and can be called by any part of the program.

private members are only accessible from within the same class, and cannot be called or accessed from outside the class.

protected members are similar to private members, but they can be accessed by derived classes as well.
Access specifiers are used to for encapsulation, which is the practice of hiding the implementation 
details of a class from other parts of the program. 



5. Explain some reasons why protected specifier was made? 

allows subclasses to access the member variables and member functions of the base class, 
but keeps them hidden from the rest of the program. 

Inheritance: useful for implementing inheritance, which is the process of creating a new class
 from an existing class. When a subclass inherits from a base class, it can access the protected members of the base class, but not the private members. 
allow to reuse code.