1. What is a static variable? 
that is declared start with static keyword. It is a variable that retains its value between function 
calls and is shared by all instances of the class
--variable available through function call.


2. How is a static variable created and initialized? 
syntax : static data_type data_name;
we cant initialize this static class member inside that class member
 or defination of that class , we need to do it outside.


3. Where is a static variable defined in memory? 
it is stored in heap and available between function calls.


4. How is a static variable different than a regular variable?
it retains its value between function calls and is shared by all instances of the class, 
whereas a regular variable  has a local scope and its value is lost when the function returns.




8. What is static binding and dynamic binding? 
Static binding does its work during compile time and has better performance. 
Static binding can be applied using function overloading or operator overloading. 
Dynamic binding works during run time & is more flexible.



### Static functions 
1. What are static functions?
functions that are declared with the keyword static.
They are functions that are associated with the class rather than with an instance of the class.




2. Why the concept of static functions were introduced? 
may be because, static functions allow the class to have 
functions that can be called without creating an instance of the class.

3. How to declare and define a static function.
class MyClass {
public:
    static void staticFunction() {
        // code 
    }
};


/// do in morning
9. Can you set the values of static variables in dynamic methods? 
   1. Why only static variables can be set in static functions only?
4. Inherit from the vector<int> class and crate a static function that takes in a number n and returns an identity matrix of size = n created from vector. 
5. Are static methods also inherited in inheritance? 
7. Create a function that returns 0 for 25% of the time it is called, 1 for 50% of time and -1 for remaining time.